Add minimal viable docs for addons (#11444)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/addons.rst

Read the Docs Addons
====================

**Read the Docs Addons** is a group of features for documentation readers and maintainers that you can add to any documentation set hosted on Read the Docs:

- :doc:`Traffic analytics </analytics>`
- :doc:`DocDiff </pull-requests>`
- :doc:`Pull request notification </pull-requests>`
- :doc:`Flyout </flyout-menu>`
- :doc:`Non-stable notification </notifications>`
- :doc:`Latest version notification </notifications>`
- :doc:`Search as you type </server-side-search/index>`

> - :ref:`Sponsorship <sponsors:sponsorship information>`

Author: They are in the order you blogged about them in ;-) 
And yeah, good idea.

Enabling Read the Docs Addons
-----------------------------

> All projects using the `build.command` :ref:`build command <config-file/v2:build.commands>` are already using the Addons, other projects can enable them by following these steps:

Author: yeah, my practice switching between the two is kinda lopsided at the mo - thanks for pointing it out

Read the Docs Addons
====================

**Read the Docs Addons** is a group of features for documentation readers and maintainers that you can add to any documentation set hosted on Read the Docs:

:doc:`Traffic analytics </analytics>`
    explore pageviews for your docs

:doc:`DocDiff </pull-requests>`
    highlight changed output from pull requests

:doc:`Pull request notification </pull-requests>`
    notify readers that they are reading docs from a pull request

:doc:`Flyout </flyout-menu>`
    easily switch between versions and translations

:doc:`Non-stable notification </notifications>`
    notify readers that they are reading docs from a non stable release

:doc:`Latest version notification </notifications>`

>     notify readers that they are reading docs from an older version

Reviewer: I just realized that since we are linking to _existing pages_ for these addons, both of these notifications would be related to `/versions` page (https://docs.readthedocs.com/en/stable/versions.html).

So, it may make sense to move the content from the notifications page into its own section in the versions page. Actually, we already have a section for the "Version warning" there: https://docs.readthedocs.com/en/stable/versions.html#version-warning. We can adapt it/refactor with the new content.

I'm sorry I'm mentioning this at this stage in the review, but I didn't realized about this earlier 😓

>     notify readers that they are reading docs from an older version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    notify readers that they are reading docs from a development version```

:doc:`Search as you type </server-side-search/index>`
    get search results faster

Enabling Read the Docs Addons
-----------------------------

> All projects using the ``build.command`` :ref:`build command <config-file/v2:build.commands>` are already using the Addons, other projects can enable them by following these steps:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All projects using ``mkdocs`` :ref:`mkdocs <config-file/v2:mkdocs>` or the ``build.command`` :ref:`build command <config-file/v2:build.commands>` are already using the Addons, other projects can enable them by following these steps:
```

I forgot to mention that MkDocs is already using addons by default. We deployed this some weeks ago.

Author: I've been linking to here, instead of reproducing in various places :-)

> 

Reviewer: Since we plan to enable Read the Docs Addons by default in the near future (https://github.com/readthedocs/addons/issues/72#issuecomment-2200390705), I'd probably add a note here communicating this.

```suggestion

.. note::

   We plan to enable Read the Docs Addons by default for all projects in the near future.
   Please, contact us if you found any issue related to addons so we can fix it before that.
```

Feel free to re-write this note. I wrote it here just as an example.

#. Go to the new dashboard:

    * `Community <https://app.readthedocs.org>`_
    * `Business <https://app.readthedocs.com>`_

#. Click on a project name.
#. Go to :guilabel:`Settings`, then in the left bar, go to :guilabel:`Addons (Beta)`.
#. Check :guilabel:`Enable Addons`, and then configure each Addon individually.

Configuring Read the Docs Addons
--------------------------------

Individual configuration options for each addon are available in :guilabel:`Settings`.

#. Go to the new dashboard:

    * `Community <https://app.readthedocs.org>`_
    * `Business <https://app.readthedocs.com>`_

#. Click on a project name.

> #. Go to :guilabel:`Settings`, then in the left bar, go to :guilabel:`Addons (Beta)`.

Reviewer: Yes, I created an issue to track this work and added to my next sprint: https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/issues/11453
